2018-01-30 Officer Meeting
5pm - 6pm

Attendees:
  - Will Hendrickson
  - Kyle Wolfe
  - Chip Miller
  - Owen Phillips
  
----
  
Kyle Wolfe:
- Vending Machine
  - All of the items have been packaged, need to be placed in the machine.
  - Need to review counting frequency
  - No count after everything was packaged, No count to make sure everything go into the box, Later found several LEDs just sitting on the table.
- Google Voice
  - No Progress, Need to Liase w/ Owen
- Form 100
  - Completed and returned to Julie
  - Confirmation that Julie has received it, no further updates
- Reconciliation
  - Have Nov / Dec reports from Julie
  
  Priority Moving Forward:
  1. Vending Machine Squared Away
  ..1. Get Machine Restocked w/ Pre-packaged
  ....- Will happen between 6pm - 8pm Wed Jan 31st
  ..2. Count & Store Newly Delivered
  ....- 6pm - 8pm Wed Jan 31st
  ..3. Plan for integration of newly delivered goods
  ....- Will have more goods than we have slots for in the machine
  ....- Plan to utilize bottom of the vending machine for storage / Keyed locker on 2nd Floor
  ......- Prefer bottom of vending machine for ease of counting
  2a) Budget Realignment
  ..- Chip Miller
  ..- Take December Balance Reports and Realign Budgeting for Future Expense
  ..- Draft of Future Budget by Friday February 2nd
  ..- High Level Budget Overview
  2b) Budget Reconcilliation
  ..- Kyle Wolfe
  ..- Take December Purchase Records and align with budget for past reporting
  ..- Draft of reconcilliation process by Friday February 2nd
  ....- Demo of Categorization & Invoice Linking for 5 records
  ....- Plan for moving forward
  3) Google Voice
  ..- Owen will give you makerspace@g.clemson.edu info immediately after the meeting
  4) Form 100
  ..- Follow up with Julie Garcia by 12:00pm Jan 31st
    
- Provide updates at Thursday Meetings

Will Hendrickson:
- Volunteer Form
  - Reviewed Clemson General Volunteer Form & Makerspace Employee Forms
  - Plan to draft up Makerspace Volunteer Form by end of week
  - Will be used by Officers and Volunteers
- Workshops w/ Fusion 360?
  - Waiting on response from other party
- Makerday
  - Liase w/ Mehrzad Namiranian on Slack
- Website
  - Liase w/ Nolan and drive website
- Provide updates at Thursday Meetings

Chip Miller:
- Status of Space Operations
  - Good, 8 people wanted to use the Formlabs, need to update the machines
  - Owen's Comment: Tim doesn't have anything to do w/ Formlabs. We maintain/own it all.
  - Laser 2 having issues w/ Vector Cutting
- Report Hours Admin vs. Open
  - Will report at Thursday Staff Meeting
- Clarification of Checkout Policy (Button Maker, Wacom Tablet, Et. All)
  - Who can let people take stuff, how that happens

Alton O'Neal:
- Maintenance of Machines

# 1 Are we spending funds responsibly?
- Maybe, working on proving that we are.
- How do you know?
  - Work so far in reconciling budget has not discovered any anomalies.
# 2 Are we following university policy?
- As far as we know.
- How do you know?
  - Interns know safety policies, equipment is taped and labeled.
  - Interns still need othermill training

- Owen has seen interns standing on rolling chairs

#### Future Concerns
- VP Replacement
- DTG & 3D Scanning
- Hendrix Center
  - Capital Improvement Application Deadline 12:00pm Jan 31st
- Constitution Revisions
  - General Membership Meetings?
