## Officer Meeting Discussion with Todd

Are you spending money responsibly and according to university policies?
- Yes
How do you know?
- We don't know - unclear at this instant
- Develop action plan to come up with answer before meeting is over
- tabled that item

- Balances will be reconciled within 30 days of the end of each month

- $77,000 budgeted for Staff, 3D Scanning, Textiles

Are you following all university policies?
- Yes
How do we know?
- We have worked with all of our advisors, and Research Safety, and Stu Aff Bus Off to identify all relevant policies and make sure we are in compliance.

If we identify a member who is not in compliance or failing to comply what is our policy for handling that?
- We should have a policy for handling grievances or possible violations - sure that other organizations have policies that we could look at.
- Greek life is a possible

Scanning
- Kinect is in the space now, working on testing it
- Unsure of purchase date

Direct to Garment
- Cole DeMarco is taking lead on research of that
- Appears to not have made much progress
- Plan to report progress at next meeting
- Get some schedule on paper (Nolan will handle that)

Staff
- 6 half by upic
- 4 half by watt
- 2 half by makerspace
- How do we thank Watt?
    - Suggest writing a thank you letter in the spring semester when we renegotiate MOU

NIMS


Operations Manual / Constitution & Bylaws
- Is it current with all of our updated policies?
- Identify by next meeting someone who will update OM with all of our policies

Voting
Organizational Structure

Officers
- Don't feel there's enough meetings
- Feel like advisory board, not executive board
- Twice a month meetings minimum
- Discuss role with staff vs Officers
- Schedule meetings out for the rest of the semester
